We are sending a lot of requests to a server and we're able to store data.
We're also able to get back some data.
But right now I'm extracting the data here and the web component to my Colback does might be all right
but we could do better.
It would be nice if we could step in in our service service year and do this data extraction here because
maybe we want to call get service from different components and not just from the app component in such
a set up we would have to repeat our response.
Jason proses and maybe some of our transformations we do all over our application will be better if
we could centralize this.
So I would go back to the server service and here on get servers I can use one of the many operators
observables provide us the map operator the map operator will simply take the old absorbable and wrap
the data we get back would turn this data we get back into some transformed data and wrap this transform
data data into a number observable.
So in the end we will still get back in observable.
And we need to get one back because were subscribing to it.
But the response or the data the observable submits will be transformed in between now to unlock map
we need to import our access slash our X at the top of our file does import might look strange but our
access the packets responsible for observables and labeling observables and by adding does import we
unlock all the operators.
Otherwise you will get an error.
Now here in map we know that we get a response which will be of type response.
So make sure to import response from an angler HTP and then here I could simply say data equals response
Jason just like we did in the app component then we can return data.
And of course this is not an observable.
This is just the data object.
But as I mentioned the map operator will take that data or whatever we return year end wrap it in a
new absorbable So our code an app component is still valid.
Well almost.
We're not getting back a response anymore.
Instead we know it will be an array of service.
So an array of anything we could say our data an array of anything.
Or let's call it service because we know it will be our service and I can prove this by getting rid
of all this code and logging our service here again by changing this code like this if we have a look
at it and let our application reload.
If I click get service again.
Here is our array of service but now we're doing the transformation in a central place in the service
service which is of course much better than doing it.
Any component where we would have to repeat that across multiple components if we would make this HTP
call from multiple components.
And we're now able to access this and present our data now in the next lecture.
I want to dive a bit deeper into how we can work with observables or how we can transform it and pack
our data and then how we can render it to the screen.